hey guys it's Chronos and today I'm
going to be showing you the crashed UFO
easter egg in GTA online so let's try
and smash 500 likes and also feel free
to subscribe to my channel for more GTA
5 content so you guys should be familiar
with a crashed or underwater UFO that's
in the single-player campaign of GTA 5
and surprisingly it's also in GTA online
I decided to post this for you guys so
you don't have to waste time by finding
it yourselves because you might have
been curious to know if it was actually
in GTA online and with this footage it
actually is the only reason why I
believe it's in GTA online is that maybe
there's more to the UFO I don't know
what it could be and for all we know it
could just be nothing more than
something to look at nothing more
nothing less I can also confirm that the
flying UFOs in GTA 5 single-player
campaign are not in GTA online so maybe
they just left this underwater UFO in
the game because you didn't need one
hundred percent to find this in single
player because the other three flying
UFOs you needed one hundred percent
completion of the single-player campaign
for GTA 5 in order to actually find
these flying UFOs but this underwater
UFO does not require one hundred percent
at all even though you can't do anything
with this underwater UFO I guess it's
still pretty cool to discover that it
that it is in GTA online also another
thing that I can suggest is that if more
than one person can have a submarine in
the same server in GTA online I haven't
tried this out so I'm not exactly sure
but if you can have more than one
submarine in the same server maybe try
and get a lot of people to get a
submarine each and go down to the UFO
all at once and see if anything
different happens I might be
overthinking this through but it doesn't
sound like a bad idea if it actually it
if it actually is possible to have
multiple summer eens for every person
also if you didn't know where this was
located on the map then here it is it's
right at the very top of the map which
means it should
be hard to find so I guess that's it for
the video guys thank you all for
watching and I guess I'll see you guys
next time